Update HTML Sanitizer spec links (#44554)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/element/sethtml/index.md

other_div.setHTML(serializedHTML); // Safe — re-sanitized by setHTML()
```

> There is a class of attacks that take advantage of this flaw, referred to as [mutated XSS](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/dynamic-markup-insertion.html#html-sanitization).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a class of attacks that take advantage of this flaw, referred to as [mutation XSS](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/dynamic-markup-insertion.html#sanitizer-security-mxss).
```
